AgentQnA helm chart deploy update (#837)
opea-project/GenAIInfra: helm-charts/agentqna/README.md

# AgentQnA

> Helm chart for deploying AgentQnA example.
> 
> See [AgentQnA](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/tree/main/AgentQnA) for the example details.
> 
> Note that this is an example to demonstrate how agent works and tested with prepared data and questions. Using different datasets, models and questions may get different results.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how exactly to interpret this text.  It may be simpler like this:
```suggestion
Helm chart for deploying AgentQnA example. It demonstrates how agent works, using prepared data and questions. See [AgentQnA overview](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/tree/main/AgentQnA#overview) for the details.

Using different datasets, models and questions may get different results.
```

> Agent usually requires larger models to performance better, we used Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct for test, which requires 4x Gaudi devices for local deployment.

Author: I never try such big models on CPU, I guess it would be too slow.

Create the directory /mnt/tools in the worker node, which is the default in values.yaml. We use the same directory for all 3 agents for easy configuration.

```
sudo mkdir /mnt/tools
sudo chmod 777 /mnt/tools
```

Down tools and the configuration to /mnt/tools

```
# tools used by supervisor
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/refs/heads/main/AgentQnA/tools/supervisor_agent_tools.yaml -O /mnt/tools/supervisor_agent_tools.yaml
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/refs/heads/main/AgentQnA/tools/tools.py -O /mnt/tools/tools.py
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/refs/heads/main/AgentQnA/tools/pycragapi.py -O /mnt/tools/pycragapi.py

# tools used by rag agent
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/refs/heads/main/AgentQnA/tools/worker_agent_tools.yaml -O /mnt/tools/worker_agent_tools.yaml
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/refs/heads/main/AgentQnA/tools/worker_agent_tools.py -O /mnt/tools/worker_agent_tools.py
```

> Down the sqlite data file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the `sqlite` database binary file
```

```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lerocha/chinook-database/refs/heads/master/ChinookDatabase/DataSources/Chinook_Sqlite.sqlite -O /mnt/tools/Chinook_Sqlite.sqlite
```

> ### Deploy with helm chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy with Helm chart
```

> Deploy everything on Gaudi enabled kubernetes cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy everything on Gaudi enabled Kubernetes cluster:
```

If you want to try with latest version, use `helm pull oci://ghcr.io/opea-project/charts/agentqna --version 0-latest --untar`

```
export HUGGINGFACEHUB_API_TOKEN="YourOwnToken"
helm pull oci://ghcr.io/opea-project/charts/agentqna --untar
helm install agentqna agentqna -f agentqna/gaudi-values.yaml --set global.HUGGINGFACEHUB_API_TOKEN=${HUGGINGFACEHUB_API_TOKEN}
```

## Verify

To verify the installation, run the command `kubectl get pod` to make sure all pods are running.

> ### Ingest data for rag
> 
> Ingest data used by rag.

Reviewer: Abbreviations should be upper case:
```suggestion
### Ingest data for RAG

Ingest data used by RAG:
```

```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/refs/heads/main/AgentQnA/retrieval_tool/index_data.py -O /mnt/tools/index_data.py
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/refs/heads/main/AgentQnA/example_data/test_docs_music.jsonl -O /mnt/tools/test_docs_music.jsonl

> host_ip=$(kubectl get svc |grep data-prep |awk '{print $3}')

Reviewer: More exact match:
```suggestion
host_ip=$(kubectl get svc -o jsonpath="{.items[].spec.clusterIP}" --selector app.kubernetes.io/name=data-prep)
```

Or if `host_ip` is supposed to include also (just) one of the possible ports:
```suggestion
host_ip=$(kubectl get svc -o jsonpath="{.items[].spec.clusterIP}:{.items[].spec.ports[0].port}" --selector app.kubernetes.io/name=data-prep)
```

Author: port is another parameter in that script, so ip is enough.
